Adding Admonitions Tutorial to docs (#1389)
ManimCommunity/manim: docs/source/contributing/documentation.rst

Adding type hints to functions and parameters
---------------------------------------------

> .. warning::
>    This is type hints section is still work in progress.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. warning::

   This section is still a work in progress.

```

*  numpy arrays can get type hints with ``np.ndarray``

* assuming that typical path objects are either Paths or strs, one can use the typehint ``typing.Union[str, pathlib.Path]``

Missing Sections for typehints are:
* Tools for typehinting
* Link to MyPy
* Mypy and numpy import errors: https://realpython.com/python-type-checking/#running-mypy
* Where to find the alias
* When to use Object and when to use "Object".
* The use of a TypeVar on the type hints for copy().
* The definition and use of Protocols (like Sized, or Sequence, or Iterable...)

Adding Blocks for Tip, Note, Important etc. (Admonitions)
---------------------------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The following directives are called Admonitions. You
can use them to point out additional or important
information.

Examples

> ========

Reviewer: Make sure to use the proper section. This doesn't render in the docs because it's using the same `====` section heading as the top level:
> ====================
Adding Documentation
====================

See also

> --------

Reviewer: Similarly, don't use `-----` here. Use a different separator for sub-sublevel heading like `~~~~`. This comment also applies to every sub-sublevel heading after this one.
